I want to make a quick rant on everybody
sending cold DMS cold emails and what's
happening is maybe you guys maybe maybe
you think you have a good offer but
you're wondering like why are why aren't
my cold DMS getting answered or why
aren't my cold emails getting answered
and I want to conceptualize something
for you I'm going to use an example
you're sending like cold DMS on on
Twitter or Instagram so a lot of people
will say
I'll go people with a lot of followers
they don't they don't check their DMs
which is which is not true I have a
hundred and eleven thousand followers on
Twitter I look at basically every single
DM and if I get a cold pitch I'm going
to tell you the exact thing that I'm
doing and the exact thing that everybody
else is doing so one I'm gonna assume
something here you actually have a good
offer right so you have a value
proposition if you have a guarantee you
have evidence it works and if you don't
have evidence it works you at minimum
have a guarantee so let me let me let me
assume something you're sending cold DMS
and let's assume it's something really
simple
like hey name compliment
um would you be interested in this
what's happening with these people
is they're clicking on your profile
they're going to your profile before
they respond to your DMs and now what's
on your profile does your bio State what
you do or state social proof because
what is written in the bio will sell the
click to your landing page or your
website that you have linked on your
profile and when they click onto that do
you have a video sales letter are you
presenting an offer clearly are you
showing evidence it works are are you
giving a guarantee like what is the
thing you're selling do you actually
know the pain points that all these that
the niche you're selling to has are you
addressing these pain points on the
landing page is the thing you're selling
like it's a problem you're trying to
solve for them does the problem even
exist
right so what's happening is a lot of
you guys you're sending your code DMS
and you think it's the copy like what
you said in the DM that's determining
the success of the campaign but it's not
what's determining the success of the
campaign is what's on your profile
because every single person every single
one who would otherwise be interested in
your offer is going to go to your
profile first before dming you back and
when they do DM you back it's a question
that wasn't answered on the landing page
and what you will find is if your stuff
is sufficiently
sufficiently presented and you have a
good offer you have you you talk about
the correct pain points like you're
solving a specific issue for a niche
that actually exists you will find many
such cases where they simply just book a
call or opt-in without even responding
to you first Sometimes they will if it's
like a digital product they'll just go
buy without you even getting a response
from them it is the sales page it is
your profile in the sales page that does
all of the selling
it is your profile and your sales page
that address the entirety of all
questions that would otherwise come up
in a sales conversation people don't
want to sit here and have to have a
conversation with you on the DMS and I
know some people will say
oh just ask them about their business
build rapport build rapport it's
nonsense don't stop doing that just ask
them if they want the offer like do you
need this or do you have this problem I
can solve it without this or like
without thing they probably tried and
didn't succeed at
that is a it is the profile and the
landing page and the video sales letter
on the landing page that does all of the
selling
the code DM is just a traffic mechanism
that's all it is
right and then there's other there
there's sales processes that can occur
inside the funnel maybe you start
emailing them back and forth maybe they
book a call you getting the call with
them and then you're emailing back and
forth or you're dming back and forth
about what like logistical workings of
the offer but what you're gonna find is
it doesn't matter how many split tests
you do on your code DM script it doesn't
matter how many split tests you do on
the script of your cold email if you
don't have a good offer if you don't
have a good value proposition if you
don't if you don't clearly lay it out on
a landing page nobody's going to respond
so what you can find is that if you're
if you're sending code D cold DMS no
landing page profile that has nothing to
do with the offer or the business that
you're running and then you take
somebody with the same exact code DM or
quote email script who does have a
landing page that is nicely put together
actually addresses issues gives a
guarantee
shows evidence it works same exact
script is going to work better way
better by many orders of magnitude for
the person that actually exists on the
internet and this does also apply to
cold emails it's not just called DMs
right so you send a cold email to
somebody any person that is interested
any single one that is interested even
if you don't put a link in the code
email because that lowers deliverability
they're going to look at the sending
domain your name at something.com
they're going to copy the something.com
they're going to put it in the URL bar
and if it goes to a 404 area page I
guarantee you doesn't matter how well
your script worked the campaign is going
to stop but if it goes to a website if
it goes to a landing page if you have a
video sales letter if you have a good
offer if you have evidence it works the
more social proof you have a guarantee
you have all of this
you give the value proposition
it appears as if you actually know what
the issues are with this person's
situation is it's going to work way way
better it's not the script it's what
you're selling that is more important if
you are a marketing agency or a B2B
company and you want help building a
client acquisition system we will build
one for you guarantee you add a minimum
of ten thousand dollars per month or you
don't pay a client ascension.com the
link is also in the description like
comment subscribe to the video I love
you goodbye